A few days ago
The princess told me that the late emperor gave the princess a dream
What do you want me to do?
Build an Ascending Immortal Crown on Jinling Zijinshan
The Blade for the Soul of the Ancestor
Beloved wives
What do you think?
Your Majesty's claims of ghosts and gods are illusory
if
Just a word from the concubine is in vain
I'm afraid not
I am greater than the messenger of the world with filial piety
This is to make me unfilial
Your Majesty has no such intention
What does the prime minister think?
Uh, Your Majesty's filial piety is the qi of all people
Since the Prime Minister has agreed
Pass the message
Immediately evaporate and sway
On the elf purple mountain
Building the body of Sendai Mountain Resort
All enjoyed by the emperor
Junjun
Obviously you want to enjoy it yourself
But in the name of heaven and earth
Sister Cheng, you dare to talk nonsense again
Believe it or not, I dragged the concubine out and cut you
you
Your Majesty, there is a flood in Jiangnan now.
At this time, Daxing Yao
I'm afraid it will provoke a popular uprising
I sold them my husband and rice bran to eat
Let them do some work
Rebellion
That's outrageous.
Imperial court disaster relief since ancient times
It was natural.
There is nothing natural in this world
Does this rule need to be changed?
This move may invite criticism
damaged
Your Majesty Yingpin
Let's put it another way.
Treat me with fairness
No work, no food
Starve to death this surface
What do you think of this idea?
First, it can reflect my filial piety
Second, it can also provide disaster relief
kill two birds with one stone
Your Majesty is wise
OK
Then this matter is so happily decided.
Is there anything else?
If it's okay
I'm going back to play with my concubine
So low tide, low tide.